the one who cashes the case of the head
we are here they consumed an interview
and good 8 - are prepared interviewed
see the safe paradise
come on what is your favorite song
good my favorite song right now
because I have many but I do not know
I'm listening to the enough that is
very fashionable is that of the bag was that
that good
sometimes he also listens to reggaeton and
you must say it but but it's good the voice
if you had a pet which one would you choose
it may be from a dog but it does
I would always like to have a horse
well I learned to ride a horse and
I love horses
what is your goal on youtube
paprika youtube is what has been
reached a number of writers
big enough to get to the million is like
any dream is not the dream that I have
what is entered from those who have
your assets that support me in all
videos and good now that I do not complain one
at the moment I have that I hope to grow a lot
plus
if you have to take between youtube and you
life I would choose
to see obviously in my life because I
this authority on youtube and I have nothing 4
200 months
and although I love that also
disconnected a little bit of real life and
all that but I would not change anything to my
friends to the people who are there in the
Real life does not go for you what is your best
tour of your channel
Well, I think it's clear that the
better trolleys let's say the one that visits the most
has the one that has made my most famous
channel is the 15 to wells
the rat child on youtube
and that I think would be better though
for me, I enjoyed myself more
another three times because he still did not speak
I taught him the voice and then later I would
oil paintings made with the voice I think
which has been better but good with say
that has been the one we marked
you have in mind to do in fact in your
channel Yes I have thought about it like
the face is worth eight thousand
new and have subscribers teach it
also in a live the tweet I have
thought of direct areas in tweets in
youtube and if I plan to do it happens
I have to learn how to make them
because I still have no idea the truth
ok and your favorite food and why
I love seafood
because because I come from living in a
sea ​​coast area of ​​the uex I like
much the seafood some funny memory
of your childhood
I still remember that that day I was the
typical child that the typical book of the
class
I from since elementary school and put me there
three kids to three girls and I would get
to kiss her
all that
and the truth that I remember now and
none of them was doing that anymore
well, imagine
ok I would choose perfect consoles and
pcs
I 've always had consoles. This is the
first computer so good that I have and
always with play 3 on everything good
for xbox that we are but let the
computer
I think you can do 20,000 with omar
ok and the last you because more work
and the garden and bad
good and favorite pokemon
is for a reason a little strange is not
because I pokemon that I like but it's
I was small because the
collections of the pokemon tazos lo
typical
I always lacked good the last one
I stay was the sensors who a
youtube because ss was missing and I wanted
on YouTube and in the end when I got it
for an impressive satisfaction like that
that on YouTube is my favorite, it's worth
a girl up here in the video and
goodbye the Chinese
good to the cases of the head that you
I leave with good manor your piece of
channel
no no no